you
[Music]
hello here watching how they changed in
the mid-1980s Night Court was part of
NBC's illustrious Thursday night comedy
block which also included Cheers
and free time family ties ratings lacked
in the first couple of seasons
Valon became a top ten show until NBS
started shuffling it around to new
nights the workplace said come follow
the group of misfits working at a
Manhattan night Court judge Harry T
stone the late Harry Anderson a judge
magician who presided over the court
Christine Sullivan
Marquis posed a public defender and
do-gooder a few other women played a
similar role before post committed to
Sullivan during the third season
womanizer prosecutor Dan fielding John
Larroquette the sarcastic bailiff
Roz Russell Marsha Warfield Mac Robinson
immoral court Clark Charles Robinson and
bull Richard Moll abort slightly dim
bailiff Barney Miller alumnus Reinhold
which created the show which aired for
nine seasons from the fourth of January
1984 to the 31st of May 1992 unlike a
lot of sitcoms the characters didn't
change much and the show didn't push
heavy-handed issues on to its audience
it was simply a show filled with
idiosyncratic characters and big loss in
honor of its 36th anniversary let's
together take a look behind the scenes
of the award-winning sitcom real New
York City judges inspired the serious
Night Court
creator Reinhold weed who passed away in
2012 sat on the bench with a group of
New York City Night Court judges and
developed his story around them I was
moved by the craziness of New York
Manhattan Night Court he said an ease
2002 documentary TV tales Night Court
there were stories in the newspaper at
the time of judges with serious
emotional problems who the state had a
hard time getting rid of I thought God
it would be terrific if who could get a
judge through the system who was a
little of Santa a little wacky on the
show judge stones a bit wacky and he's
also the youngest judge in state history
Saturday night life played a part in
Harry Anderson's casting in real life
Harry Anderson who passed away in April
2018 was a magician and at the time of
the show's casting he had a stint on
Saturday Night Live he'd also been on
cheers one of night coats producers Jeff
Melman and his wife were watching
Anderson stick a needle through his arm
on SNL in thought he'd be good for the
part the name Harry and the fact that he
did magic was a coincidence which said
on TV tails Harry said he was the guy
and I'll be damned he turned out to be
the guy dan fielding studied out as a
conservative character in the first
couple of seasons dan Fielding's not an
arrogant womanizer like his in later
seasons if you look at the early
episodes my character was this sort of
tight-lipped vested pot-smoking
conservative fellow John Larroquette
told The AV Club and of course I was
putting garden hoses down my pants by
the end of the series I think what
happens on a television series like that
is that the creator of the show gets
used to the characters and the actors
playing them they learned to write
toward their strengths which a good
writer does and reinhold which saw that
I was this maverick crazy that sounds
self-inflating but I have a rather
servic sense of humor
Reinhold started writing toward that and
creating the character that everybody
knows the show didn't tackle heavy
issues and that was intentional
despite the judicial nature of the show
the point of Night Court was to make
people laugh
the show may not be in any way
intellectual and we don't make any
pretense of dealing with issues that are
impossible to address or solve in the
said conformant said Larry cat but if
you just want to forget it all for a
minute and laugh at pies in the face and
pants around the ankles that's what we
do very well we were so
little incorrect we would have had a
cigarette sponsor who came back next
year executive producers to Christman
told the Los Angeles Times Marsha
Warfield broke the bailiff curse for the
first two seasons 36 episodes Selma
diamond played bailiff same hacker in
1985 at the age of 64 diamond died of
lung cancer Lorenz halep replaced
diamond and played Bailey Florence
kleiner for 22 episodes but she passed
away in 1986 at the age of 63 also from
lung cancer actress Marsha Warfield was
in her early thirties when she was cast
as Roz Russell the next Bailey there is
no way to say this without sounding
callous but if the two women before me
had been 33 year old black women I would
have been really nervous about taking
the part rueful told people after
winning four Emmy Awards in a row John
Larroquette took himself out of
contention the Rockettes hilarious
portrayal of Fielding resulted in the
actor winning four straight
amma's from 1985 to 1988 but after the
fourth Wayne Larroquette asked the
television Academy not to consider him
for more Awards as fielding it was a
combination of two things Larroquette
told The AV Club on why he removed
himself quite frankly and honestly I
didn't think that the work that I had
done was as good as it was only
partially because reinholt had laughed
by that a new producers had come in and
more selfishly quite honestly I knew
that the character had made a really
deep impression on the American public
and in studios and producers and
directors and writers but it was going
to end someday I wanted to fade into the
background with this guy a little bit so
that there would be possibility of
eventually doing something else
Larroquette also worried that he had
been typecast every road was some sleazy
lawyer or some sleazy these are some
sleazy that it was sort of selfishly
motivated I love the show but it was
time to move on
a low-budget sci-fi movie was the
reasoning behind wolves baldhead in 1983
Richard Moll starred in an obscure
b-movie called metal storm the
destruction of Jared scene which
required him to shave his head around
the same time more got called in to
addition for Night Court which said on
his TV tales Night Court that the 6 feet
8 inches bald actor wasn't what hidden
visions for the character but he liked
moles acting I remember saying to
Richard I wanted to keep that hair a
balding mall responded with I'm kidding
I'll shave my legs for the part Michael
Richards appeared naked on Night Court
in the second season episode titled take
my wife please a pre Seinfeld Michael
Richards played Eugene's labor a man who
thought he was invisible he stood before
the court accused of robbing an
apartment because he thought nobody
could see him when in fact hundreds of
people did they probably have some kind
of heat Sampson device Schlabach offered
yes it's called sunlight fielding
retorted at the end of the episode
Schlabach returned to court but this
time in his birthday suit as he thought
his invisibility hadn't worked because
he'd been wearing clothes
a few mashups and parodies of the theme
Sun exists the instrumental Night Court
theme song features a throbbing base and
a sax solo and some people thought it
worked well with other material musician
Ramsay s mashed up Beyonce's single
ladies with a Night Court theme song to
form single night court ladies
a 2007 Family Guy episode called
villain Peter's bogus journey says Bill
Clinton playing the theme song on his
sax a youtuber parodied Netflix's
daredevil opening credits using night
quotes theme the actors and producers
were screwed creatively following a
last-minute ring you which bowed out of
running the show full-time at the end of
the sixth season and tapped to former
Night Court writers Stewart Christman
and Chris Clues
to take creative control of the show
later NBC told them that season eight
would be not called slashed so they
could end it any way they wanted
including right in his storyline where
Christine and judge stone finally hook
up we felt like we were all done with it
and really how much walk would we do
ghosts had on TV tails it looked like we
were wrapping up and sure enough before
we ended the show they came through with
like jumbo packets of money for the cast
embassy renewed the show for a ninth and
final season which involved untying
stories when we found out we were going
to go for another year we were screwed
creatively Christman told the Los
Angeles Times in 1992 and it took us for
the first two or three episodes of this
year to undo all the stuff we set up
last year the possibility of a
syndication deal prevented a proper
send-off NBC officially canceled the
show during the ninth season but Warner
Brothers who distributed the show was in
the process of trying to sell Night
Court for first ran syndication because
there was a possibility that the show
might come back on another network the
final episode was cobbled together the
only thing I'm angry about is that
Warner Brothers wouldn't allow us to
definitely end the show Larroquette told
the Los Angeles Times because at the
last minute NBC was thinking about
renewing the show then Warner was trying
to sell it elsewhere so they didn't want
a definite of ending that sort of tide
of hands it was a drag we weren't
allowed to turn to the audience give a
salute and say thanks and that's all for
now
don't forget to leave a like subscribe
and share this video with fans take care